Tweak documentation for premium apps (aka. application subscriptions) (#6452)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/monetization/SKUs.md

###### SKU Structure

| Field          | Type      | Description                                                     |
|----------------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| id             | snowflake | ID of SKU                                                       |
| type           | integer   | [Type of SKU](#DOCS_MONETIZATION_SKUS/sku-object-sku-types)     |
| application_id | snowflake | ID of the parent application                                    |
| name           | string    | Customer-facing name of your premium offering                   |
| slug           | string    | System-generated URL slug based on the SKU's name               |

> | flags          | integer   | The SKU's [flags](#DOCS_MONETIZATION_SKUS/sku-object-sku-flags) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| flags          | integer   | [SKU flags](#DOCS_MONETIZATION_SKUS/sku-object-sku-flags) combined as a [bitfield](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_field)|
```

Author: Whoops. One sec

Author: oh lord, the tables will break again
